1. App

    Main container component for the entire logged-in user experience
    It is the keeper of information about the logged-in/newly registered user. It fetches this information when it mounts and keeps the user info in its state.
    Responsible for rendering the Logo, ProfilePic, and Uploader component
    Passes functions to ProfilePic and Uploader for making changes to its state
    MUST be a class since it needs both state and lifecycle methods

2. ProfilePic

    This component can be either a function (😄) or a class (🥲)
    its job is to display a profile pic
    You need to use the first and last name of the user as the value of the alt attribute
    It's passed down the following values from app: first name, last name, and image url.
    It is also passed down a functino that must be called when the image is cliced.
    When the user clicks on the image, the uploader needs to become visible.

3. Uploader

    needs to be a class based component as it will need state --> DONE!
    we need to conditionally render the uploader. --> DONE!
        It starts off as hidden but when you click on the profilePic, you will make it visible.--> DONE!
        The conditional rendering of the uplaoder depends on the current state.--> DONE!
    Make it look like a modal with css. --> DONE!
    When visible, it needs to render a file input to make image upload possible. --> DONE!
        handle the change event on the file input and upload the selected file at that time
        when the upload is done, you should know the url of the uploaded file and you MUST pass the url to a function in App (this function was passed to the uploader as a prop!)
        for image upload, refer to what you did in IB. (formData, multer, S3, etc)...
    The function we pass the url to HAS TO UPDATE the sate in app when there is a new image.
    Maybe uploader has a button or x for closing. This too must call a funciton that as passed down as a prop to make the uploader disappear.
    You'll need to add a new column to your user's table - call it imageUrl and make it TEXT.
    Make sure that you do an UPDATE for the image in the user's table rather than an insert. (you'll need the userId and the imageUrl)
